Add WhisperC++ engine to speech-to-text-impl (#4973)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/workflowoperationhandlers/speechtotext-woh.md

Description
-----------

> The speech to text operation can be used to generate subtitles for Videos or Audio files. Currently, there are three STT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The speech to text operation can be used to generate subtitles from video or audio files. Currently, there are three STT
```
